com.intellij|null
org.toml.lang|null
org.jetbrains.settingsRepository|IDE Settings
org.jetbrains.plugins.yaml|Languages
org.jetbrains.plugins.textmate|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.terminal|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.plugins.emojipicker|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.idea.maven.model|null
org.jetbrains.idea.reposearch|null
org.editorconfig.editorconfigjetbrains|Other Tools
intellij.webp|null
hg4idea|Version Controls
com.jetbrains.sh|Languages
com.intellij.plugins.visualstudiokeymap|Keymap
com.intellij.plugins.netbeanskeymap|Keymap
com.intellij.plugins.eclipsekeymap|Keymap
com.intellij.platform.images|null
com.intellij.dev|null
com.intellij.copyright|Other Tools
com.intellij.properties|Languages
com.intellij.gradle|Build Tools
com.intellij.java|null
org.jetbrains.kotlin|Languages
org.jetbrains.java.decompiler|Other Tools
org.jetbrains.debugger.streams|Other Tools
org.intellij.intelliLang|Other Tools
org.intellij.plugins.markdown|Languages
com.intellij.tasks|Other Tools
com.intellij.java.ide|null
com.intellij.java-i18n|Other Tools
com.intellij.configurationScript|null
com.intellij.completion.ml.ranking|Other Tools
com.intellij.cidr.debugger|null
com.intellij.cidr.base|null
com.intellij.cidr.lang.clangd|null
com.intellij.cidr.lang|Languages
com.intellij.cidr.lang.clangdBridge|null
com.google.gct.login|null
com.android.tools.idea.smali|Android
TestNG-J|Test Tools
Subversion|Version Controls
JUnit|Test Tools
org.intellij.groovy|Languages
org.jetbrains.plugins.github|Version Controls
Git4Idea|Version Controls
com.jetbrains.settingsSync|IDE Settings
DevKit|Plugin Development
Coverage|Code Coverage
org.jetbrains.plugins.gradle|null
com.google.gct.core|null
org.jetbrains.android|Android
com.google.gct.testing|null
com.google.gct.test.recorder|null
com.google.gct.directaccess|null
com.google.cluestick.studioclient|null
com.google.urlassistant|null
com.google.appindexing|null
com.google.targetsdkversionassistant|null
com.google.services.firebase|null
com.google.gct|null
com.android.tools.ndk|null
com.android.tools.apk|null
com.android.tools.design|null
androidx.compose.plugins.idea|null
